<p>2018-08-17-Meatloaf-Recipe</p>
<p><strong>The Best Classic Meatloaf recipe</strong></p>
<p>This traditional meatloaf recipe is just like mom used to make, made with ground beef and a sweet and tangy glaze topping.</p>
<p><strong>Course</strong> Dinner, Entree, Main Course, Main Dish</p>
<p><strong>Cuisine</strong> American</p>
<p><strong>Keyword</strong> best meatloaf recipe, classic meatloaf, meatloaf with ground beef, meatloaf with ketchup, traditional meatloaf</p>
<p><strong>Prep Time</strong> 10 minutes</p>
<p><strong>Cook Time</strong> 55 minutes</p>
<p><strong>Total Time</strong> 1 hour 5 minutes</p>
<p><strong>Servings</strong> 10</p>
<p><strong>Calories</strong> 164 kcal</p>
<p><strong>Author</strong> Amanda Finks</p>
<p><strong>Ingredients</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><p>1 lb. 90% lean ground beef</p></li>
<li><p>1 cup dried bread crumbs</p></li>
<li><p>1/2 cup diced yellow onion</p></li>
<li><p>1/2 cup milk</p></li>
<li><p>1 large egg beaten</p></li>
<li><p>2 tbsp. ketchup</p></li>
<li><p>1 tbsp. Worcestershire sauce</p></li>
<li><p>1 tsp. dried parsley leaves</p></li>
<li><p>3/4 tsp. salt</p></li>
<li><p>1/2 tsp. garlic powder</p></li>
<li><p>1/4 tsp. ground black pepper</p></li>
<li><p>For the Topping:</p></li>
<li><p>1/4 cup ketchup</p></li>
<li><p>2 tbsp. packed light brown sugar</p></li>
<li><p>1 tbsp. red wine vinegar</p></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Instructions</strong></p>
<ol type="1">
<li><blockquote>
<p>Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit.</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>In a large bowl, add the beef, bread crumbs, onion, milk, egg, 2 tablespoons ketchup, worcestershire sauce, parsley, salt, garlic powder, and pepper. Use your hands to mush and mix these ingredients together until well combined.*</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Add the meat mixture to a loaf pan. Pat the meat down into an even layer.</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>In a small bowl, add 1/4 cup ketchup, the brown sugar, and vinegar. Stir to combine. Pour the sauce on top of the meatloaf and spread it into an even layer.</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Bake uncovered for 55 minutes.</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Let the meatloaf rest for 8-10 minutes before serving (or it may fall apart).**</p>
</blockquote></li>
</ol>
